1)	How many elements are there in each C-style character string that stores a family or given name for the account? Why?
A C-style string is essentially an array of characters with the special character null at the end. They have a fixed maximum length. 
character type of m_familyName and m_givenName can store name max 40 characters each. However, we initialize familyName 'Joe' and givenName 'Jane'.After then, I put null character at the end to inform end of string. 


2)	Your class declares two member functions named set(...).  In C, this would generate an error.  Name the feature of C++ that allows this.
C++ allows function overloading. A function signature identifies an overloaded function individually. There are the functions identifier, the parameter types, and the order of the parameter types. Therefore, the function identifiers named same like "set(..)".
The complier can distinguish the functions if the parameter types or the order of the parter types are different.
In this case, one of set(...) function takes 3 parameters and the other takes 2 parameters. Also, the functions have different combination of parameter types as well.


3)	What have you learned during this workshop?
Honestly, this workshop was ver difficult for me. Especially, checking the sin validation following the rules. I couldn't think of algorithms by myself. I have to search internet a lot and got helped from others. I tried to figure it out to make sin as an array and calculation by index value. However, it failed and my code was very long and messy. 
I've learned using strncpy to copy strings safely. And I got helped through this workshops to understand more about the concept of why using set and display functions. I need to validate the client code before initializing my data members by putting condition in set function and if it's valid, I can safely initialize the dat members' value. 
I've learned how to use setprecision. I tried to use "cout.precision(2)" right before printing m_balance value but the outcomes were not what i wanted. I found setprecision along with fixed function. 
However, I haven't understood the concept of bool empty function perfectly. I need to study more about this. Hopefully, I could get the feedback about bool empty function from you.


Quiz 3 reflection:
We didn't take Quiz 4 during the class because of the survey, and I didn't lose any mark from Quiz3. 